one challenge that I've faced kind of my entire career is the fact that
I'm doing kind of unconventional work as a whole maintenance technician
if you actually talk to somebody who is an H. T. you know and
explain to them what it is I do they'd probably come and tell you that
that's that's not what an H. T. does and so I've had a challenge
with with progressing in making rank because I'm view it is not working
in rate doing on conventional work is an H. T. even though I kind
of disagree with that that thought process because I am filling the
role or the billet of NH T. it just so happens that it's not traditional
H. T. work so somewhere somebody in the navy felt that an H.
T. needs to be doing this and so that's what I'm doing and the way that
I've overcome that is just continually to perform in whatever duty
I've been given so you know if there's certain qualifications that
I need to have I'd I get those and I and I and I totally understand
them and then I also help other people get them so you have to if
you're faced with a situation like that you really have to perform and
show that you deserve to be doing what you're doing and to get to
where you're going and so it one of my biggest challenges is you know
how do I make rank I and show that I you know have leadership value
in that I have value as an H. T. when I'm not doing that work